DIGITAL PRODUCTS TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: August 2025

We are Formula One Digital Media Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 08915039 and registered office at No.2 St. James’s Market, London, SW1Y 4AH (“we”, “us” and/or “our”). To contact us, please email general@en.formula1.com.

We operate the Formula 1 App and website (including www.formula1.com), excluding the sections of the website set out below, the F1 TV App, the Race Guide App, and any other official Formula 1 websites and applications created and operated by us from time to time, and any services available via the same (together the “Digital Products”).

These terms and conditions (the “Terms”) accessible at https://account.formula1.com/#/en/terms-of-use tell you the rules for using our Digital Products and grant you the non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right to use the relevant Digital Products always in accordance with these and any other relevant terms.By using the Digital Products you confirm that you accept these Terms and agree to comply with and be bound by them. If you do not agree with all of these terms and conditions, you must exit the relevant Digital Product now and you should not use our Digital Products. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY.

U.S. Residents: BY USING OUR DIGITAL PRODUCTS, YOU AGREE TO THE MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER BELOW. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.

You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Digital Products through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.

OTHER TERMS THAT APPLY TO YOU
These Terms refer to the following additional terms and documents which apply to your use of our Digital Products:

• Our F1 TV Subscription Terms, which govern any F1 TV subscriptions you purchase from us via our Digital Products, as applicable. To the extent of a conflict between these Terms and our F1 TV Subscription Terms, the latter shall prevail in respect of all matters relating to F1 TV, and these Terms shall prevail in respect of all other matters.
• Our Privacy Policy, which explains how we collect, use and store your personal data.
• Our Cookie Policy, which explains how we use cookies on our Digital Products.
• Where our Digital Product is an application (the “Apps”), any applicable terms and policies of the relevant appstore or vendor from which your App was procured.

THIRD PARTY SITES
There are some websites and Apps which use the Formula 1 name and/or trade marks, but which are operated by our third-parties licensees or partners or our group companies including, without limitation, the F1 Authentics, F1 Store, F1 Tickets, F1 Hospitality and F1 Experiences sections of the Formula 1 website.

These, together with any other official Formula 1 branded websites and Apps created and/or operated by a third party from time to time are “Third Party Digital Products”.

We are not the operator of the Third Party Digital Products, nor are we responsible for those Third Party Digital Products or any products or services sold through those Third Party Digital Products. A link to any other website or App on our Digital Products does not mean that we endorse or accept any responsibility whatsoever for the content contained on such website or App. When you access the Third Party Digital Products you understand that it is independent from our Digital Products and that we have no control over the content or availability of that website or App. In particular, you agree that any dealings you have with the operators of the Third Party Digital Products (including payment for and delivery of products or services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations, acts or omissions associated with such dealings) shall be on the terms and conditions of that third party operator and a matter solely between such third party operator and yourself. We encourage you read all applicable terms, conditions and privacy policies when using the Third Party Digital Products. WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU IN RESPECT OF THE THIRD PARTY DIGITAL PRODUCTS, OR ANY CONTENT, GOODS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE THIRD PARTY DIGITAL PRODUCTS.

WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. You should check these Terms every time you wish to use the Digital Products. Where you have an account with us, we will try to give you reasonable notice by email of any major changes to the Terms. By using the Digital Products after any such changes are made to these Terms, you agree to comply with, and be bound by, the updated Terms in force at that time.

WE MAY REMOVE OR MAKE CHANGES TO THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS
We may update, change, suspend or withdrawour Digital Products (or part of the same) from time to time in response to our users’ needs, our business priorities and/or to reflect changes to any product or service offered by us (for example for maintenance, to improve performance, enhance functionality, develop content and presentation, reflect changes to the way the relevant Digital Product works or address security issues). Where you have an account with us, we will try to give you reasonable notice by email of any major change, suspension or withdrawal.

We may also ask you to update any of our Apps from time to time for these same reasons as set out above. If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt-out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using the relevant App and you will be responsible for any loss or damage you may suffer by continuing to use an outdated version of such App.

NO GUARANTEE OF AVAILABILITY OF THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS
We do not guarantee that any Digital Product, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted.

WHO CAN USE OUR DIGITAL PRODUCTS
Location Restrictions

Most of our Digital Products are available for use by users throughout the world.

Our F1 TV products are restricted to residents of certain territories and the content and features included within the F1 TV products will differ between territories. For more information about F1 TV (including the content and features within F1 TV) available in your territory, please click https://f1help.formula1.com/article/Location-Availability?language=en_US.

Age Restrictions

You must be the older of 18 years of age or the age of majority in your state, province, or territory of residence to download, access and/or use our Digital Products. In the case of U.S. residents and residents of any other applicable territory, individuals over the age of 16, but under the age of 18, may use our Digital Products with the consent of their parent or legal guardian (including consent to these Terms on their behalf). If we believe that you are using the Digital Products and are under 18 years old or the relevant age of majority or else you do not have such permission from your parent or legal guardian to use the Digital Products, we may suspend or disable your access to and use of the Digital Products.

If you are under 18 and using the Digital Products with your parent or legal guardian’s consent, you may only modify an account with the consent of your parent or legal guardian.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, YOU MUST NEVER USE THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS IF YOU ARE UNDER 16.

Technical Restrictions

We aim to support multiple devices and operating systems with our Digital Products. However, this support can be subject to change.

In respect of the Apps, we recommend you consult the relevant appstore page for the latest information regarding minimum techonology requirements.

YOU MUST KEEP YOUR ACCOUNT DETAILS SAFE
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.

We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.

APP PURCHASES
Any fees or charges charged by us for use of the Apps are stated in the order process of the relevant appstore for the relevant App. You may incur data charges from your carrier or other provider for downloading and/or using the Apps.

HOW YOU CAN USE OUR DIGITAL PRODUCTS
You must not:

• use any Digital Product or any content contained therein other than for personal, non-commercial purposes only, without making any gain, and that you will not permit any other person or persons to use any Digital Product. This means, for example, that you must not charge, directly or indirectly, for access to any Digital Product or any related content and that you cannot use any aspect of a Digital Product to attract others to buy goods or services from you or anyone else;
• copy, record, download, distribute or store all or any part of a Digital Product or content accessed through a Digital Product (other than on a purely transitory basis to permit you to view them or as otherwise permitted by law) or divert, re-transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license or otherwise distribute all or any part of a Digital Product to any person, or authorise, enable or procure any other person to do any of the above;
• alter, modify, edit, reconfigure, repurpose, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any part of any Digital Product or any content accessed through a Digital Product;
• use any Digital Product in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms, or act fraudulently or maliciously, for example, by hacking into or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, or harmful data, into any Digital Product or any operating system;
• use any Digital Product in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair our services or security (including by using any Digital Product in an automated manner);
• use any Digital Product in contravention of these Terms, the F1 TV Subscription Terms or any other applicable terms;
• collect or harvest any information, data or other material from our systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from our servers;
• use any Digital Product in any manner that could interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of our services;
• copy any Digital Product or any content delivered through any Digital Product except where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up;
• rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide or otherwise make available any Digital Product or any content delivered through any Digital Product; or
• use any technology or tool to alter, mask or disguise the location from which you are accessing the Digital Products or any technology or tool in order to circumvent any of the restrictions on your use of or access to the Digital Products as set out in these Terms.

RULES ABOUT LINKING TO OUR DIGITAL PRODUCTS
You may link to our Digital Products, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not:

• establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
• establish a link to our Digital Products in any website that is not owned by you.
• frame our Digital Products on any other site.

We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

HOW YOU MAY USE MATERIAL ON OUR DIGITAL PRODUCTS
The material and content provided on our Digital Products is for your personal, non-commercial use only (save where expressly provided).

You agree not (for yourself or through or by way of assistance from any third party) to distribute, copy, extract, commercially exploit, reproduce, perform, display, modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from any of our Digital Products or any content featured thereon.

All materials on the Digital Products, including, but not limited to photographs, other images, illustrations, text, video clips and written and other materials contained in the Digital Products are protected by copyrights, database rights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights owned, by us or our affiliates, or used with the permission of their owners. These Digital Products as a whole are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights (meaning any and all rights existing from time to time under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trade mark law, unfair competition law and related laws, and any and all together proprietary rights, and any and all applications, renewals, extensions, and restorations thereof, now or hereafter in force and effect worldwide). All rights are reserved.

OUR TRADE MARKS ARE REGISTERED
The F1 FORMULA 1 logo, F1 logo, FORMULA 1, FORMULA ONE, F1, FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP, GRAND PRIX, PADDOCK CLUB and related marks are trademarks of Formula One Licensing BV, a Formula 1 company. All rights reserved. You are not permitted to use any of these marks without our approval.

NO TEXT OR DATA MINING OR WEB SCRAPING
You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our Digital Product or any services provided via, or in relation to, our Digital Product for any purpose, including the development, training, fine-tuning or validation of AI systems or models. This includes using (or permitting, authorising or attempting the use of):

• Any "robot", "bot", "spider", "scraper" or other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, code, process or methodology to access, obtain, copy, monitor or republish any portion of our Digital Products or any data, content, information or services accessed via the same.
• Any automated analytical technique aimed at analysing text and data in digital form to generate information or develop, train, fine-tune or validate AI systems or models which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.

The provisions in this clause should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, including for the purposes of Article 4(3) of the Digital Copyright Directive ((EU) 2019/790).

You shall not use, and we do not consent to the use of, our Digital Products, or any data published by, or contained in, or accessible via, our Digital Products or any services provided via, or in relation to, our Digital Products for the purposes of developing, training, fine-tuning or validating any AI system or model.

This section will not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text or data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us.

YOU MUST NOT INTRODUCE VIRUSES
You must not misuse the Digital Products by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Digital Products, the server on which the Digital Products are stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Digital Products. You must not attack the Digital Products via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack or doing anything which may affect the functioning of or the ability of any other person to access the Digital Products. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with the relevant authorities in their investigation of such incidents. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Digital Products will cease immediately.

WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR VIRUSES
We and our suppliers take reasonable precautions to prevent viruses and any other items that may damage the operation of electronic devices or otherwise engage in misuse on the Digital Products, but cannot accept any liability for them. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes, hardware, software and platform to access these Digital Products. You should use your own virus protection software. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT OUR DIGITAL PRODUCTS WILL BE SECURE OR FREE FROM BUGS OR VIRUSES.

DATA COLLECTION
We will collect personal data about you when you use our Digital Products. We only use your personal data as set out in our Privacy Policy. You can control what information is collected through our Apps through the settings on your device, for example by amending your devices location settings so that location data is not collected.

WE MAY TRANSFER THIS AGREEMENT TO SOMEONE ELSE
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation. We will try to tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.

OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED TO YOU
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude our liability where it would be unlawful to do so (for example in respect of our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors, or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation).

To the extent permitted by law, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS, OR YOUR USE OR RELIANCE ON ANY CONTENT ON THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS.

We only provide our Digital Products for domestic and private use, and WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.THE DIGITAL PRODUCTS (INCLUDING ALL INFORMATION INCLUDED ON IT IN ANY FORM) ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE DO NOT GIVE ANY GUARANTEE OR WARRANTY THAT THE DIGITAL PRODUCTSOR ANY CONTENT THEREON (INCLUDING DATA OR STATISTICS) IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR UP-TO-DATE.

If defective digital content that we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.

Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply in relation to the supply of the F1 TV service, as set out in our F1 TV Subscription Terms.

IF YOU BREACH THESE TERMS
We may end your rights to use any Digital Products at any time by contacting you if you have (or we suspect you have) broken these Terms. If what you have done can be put right, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to do so.

If we end your rights to use a Digital Product you must immediately stop all activities authorised by these Terms, including your use of the Digital Products, and delete or remove the Digital Products from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of the Digital Products which you have. In any event, we may revoke your access to the Digital Products.

GOVERNING LAW
Except in the case of U.S. residents, these terms of use are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of them in the English courts.

In the case of U.S. residents, these terms governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any conflict-of-law and/or choice-of-law principles.

Regardless of this, you may have statutory and/or consumer rights where you live which apply and your local law may apply in some circumstances.

ISSUES AND DISPUTES
If you have an issue with these Terms or our Digital Products, we would firstly like the opporunity to resolve this with you directly and would ask that you contact us at general@en.formula1.com.

Except in the case of U.S. residents, you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these Terms in the English courts UNLESS statutory and/or consumer rights apply to you which allow your local law to apply and/or entitle you to bring legal proceedings in your local court instead.

Individual Arbitration & Class Action Waiver for U.S. Residents:
The following terms apply to U.S. residents only:

You agree that any dispute, claim or controversy with us or our agents arising out of or relating in any way to the Site and all other official Formula 1 digital products related to the Site, including but not limited to the F1TV digital subscription products (the “Services”), these Terms, the Subscription Terms, and this Arbitration Agreement, shall be determined by binding arbitration or in small claims court. Except that, nothing in this provision shall prevent us from seeking and obtaining an injunction or other equitable relief from a court in the event of a breach or threatened breach of these terms and conditions.

You agree that, by agreeing to these terms and conditions, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement, and that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This Arbitration Agreement shall survive the termination of your F1TV subscription and/or account.

If you elect to seek arbitration or file a small claim court action, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your claim by sending a written description of your claim ("Notice of Dispute") by certified mail to Dispute Resolution Legal Department, Formula One Digital Media Limited, No. 2 St. James's Market, London, United Kingdom, SW1Y 4AH. The Notice of Dispute must contain enough information for us to identify your account and attempt to resolve your claim, including (a) the name of the F1TV account holder; (b) subscription account number; (c) the email address you used to subscribe; and (d) a written description of the problem, relevant documents and supporting information and a statement of the specific relief you are seeking, and it must be signed by you. If we do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice of Dispute is received, you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in small claims court.

The arbitrator is bound by these terms and conditions. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement. Any arbitration will be conducted pursuant to the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time the arbitration is commenced. If there is any conflict between the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules and these terms and conditions, the terms and conditions shall take precedence. Unless we agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your residence or at another mutually agreed upon location permitted by the arbitrator. Both parties reserve the right to request a hearing from the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding on all parties, except (1) for judicial review expressly permitted by law or (2) if the arbitrator’s award includes an award of injunctive relief against a party, in which case that party shall have the right to seek judicial review of the injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction that shall not be bound by the arbitrator’s application or conclusions of law.

Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s Rules and applicable law.

Severability. If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that any part of this arbitration provision cannot be enforced with respect to any claim, remedy, or request for relief, the rest of this arbitration provision will continue to apply. If, however, this Class Action Waiver is declared to be unenforceable or invalid, this entire arbitration provision (other than this sentence) will not apply to that claim, remedy, or request for relief (but will still apply to any and all other claims, remedies, and requests for relief that you or we may assert in that or any other action). In any such case, you and we agree that we will arbitrate all claims, remedies, and requests for relief subject to individual arbitration first, and that any remaining unresolved claims, remedies, or requests for relief may be pursued in court only after the arbitrator’s award has been issued. In any such proceeding, the arbitrator’s factual findings will not be entitled to deference by the court.

30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to us within 30 days after first accepting the Terms of Use to the following address: Attention: Dispute Resolution Legal Department, Formula One Digital Media Limited, No. 2 St. James Market, London, SW1Y 4AH.

Your opt-out notice must include your name and address email address you used to transact on the Site (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of this Agreement, including the class action waiver, will continue to apply to you, unless precluded by law. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.

California Consumers Notice

Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Digital Products are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

POLISH CONSUMERS NOTICE
Kliknij tutaj, aby wyświetlić wersję w języku polskim: https://account.formula1.com/#/pl/terms-of-use

CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about our Digital Products please refer to our F1 Help centre here https://f1help.formula1.com/?language=enUS. If you would like to raise a complaint, please contact us via our complaints form here https://f1help.formula1.com/article/Complaints?language=enUS.